So we now created our button instead of the just the arrow icon. And now we need to create and add click event
on the button.
So when a user using the keyboard clicks into, the click event will trigger and the menu will open.
So let's go to the JavaScript navigation.js file. And let's add another event on the "c-navigation".
And then "on('click')". And we need to target the menu button.
So remember we, let's get this close.
Remember we gave a class "menu-button" to the button.
So we need to add a click event to that.
So let's add a callback function and it will receive the events. And then we'll write our logic here.
So before typing anything let's just see the default behavior when we click enter
while this button is focused. And we'll taken actually to the link. It will take you to the page which is inside
this A tag when you click enter
when this button is focused. So we need to prevent this behavior. So to do that  you can call e.preventDefault().
And this will prevent any default behaviors. So that we can write our own logic.
So now if we focus on the button and click enter nothing will happen. So we can now start typing our logic.
So let's define some variables. That's  the one variable called "menu_button".
And this wil be the "$(e.currentTarget)".
So "menu_button" will be the actual button which we clicked on. And let's define "menu_link" and this will be "menu
.button.parent()".
And that's because the "menu_link" is the direct parent for the button.
So this variablewill now hold the A tag.
And another one for the "menu_item" which is the LI.
And this will be the "menu_link.parent()".
And now we need to do two different things depending on whether the menu is opened or not.
So how do you know if the menu is opened or not? It's about checking if the "menu_item" which is the LI "hasClass",
sorry, "hasClass('open')".
So if the "menu_item" has class "open" then the menu is opened and we'll do something. Else
it's close and we do something else. So let's start by when the menu is closed which is the
else case here.
So what we need to do when the menu is closed, I need to open it. So "menu_item" which is the LI,
we'll add a class "open" to it.
Right?
And let's save now and see.
Now let's focus on the button and click enter.
And it will add class "open" to the LI which will open the menu.
So what else do we need to do when the menu is opened.
We need to change "aria-expanded" to "true". And we need to reverse these texts, right? We need to add here "aria-hidden="
"true".
And "aria-hidden="false"" for this one.
So let's do that.
So "menu_link" which is the A tag ".attr" and the "aria-expanded" attribute. We'll change
it to "true".
And then the "menu_button". We'll search inside, sorry ".find". We'll search inside of it for, remember the show and hide classes,
so we search for this one. And change its attribute of
" aria-hidden" to "true".
So we'll hide the "Show" text.
Then we'll find the "Hide" text.
And this should be a string. And change its value to "false".
We don't need to hide it.
So let's see now. And I'm gonna click. And now we have "aria-expanded="true"". And now let's expand this.
And now this has "aria-hidden="true"" and this one "aria-hidden="false"".
So if this button is focused now the screen reader will read the "Hide" text and not the "Show" text.
So let's do the opposite for the, when the menu is opened.
So what we can do is we can actually copy these and just reverse them.
So this will be "false"
and this will be "false". And this w ill be "true".
So let's save and see.
I'm now using my, just my keyboard.
So I'm clicking enter now. And it open,  click again and we  oh Ok, we forgot to remove the class.
So let's copy this one and
instead of add_class(), remove_class().
So now I click enter, it opens. A click again it closes.
And as you can notice the "aria" attributes are reversed and everything.
So let's try something.
If we now click enter now and then we click enter.
And this it will toggle the submenu.
If we go back and close this one and then open it again.
This one will still be opened.
So when you close the menu we need also to close
it's submenus.
So let's do that. So instead of removing class "open" from the menu item would add another thing.
So "add" will add another elements. And what we will add is "menu_item" which is the LI and if this LI has children
we'll find them using "find". So we'll will find other menu items that has class "open".
And remove class "open". And same for the "aria-expanded" attribute.
We'll add another one which will be the "menu-item" and any child A tag.
So let's save now and see.
And let's open and open and then go back and close and open again.
And now it's closed.
So what we've done is we're finding all the A tags and LIs inside of this, the parent LI.
So inside this LI we have the submenu which has LIs and if any of them has a class "open" we remove it.
And we're also finding the A tags inside the LI.
And you are setting the "aria-expanded" to "false".
And the same thing.
Let's see now another problem that could happen.
So imagine we are now having this one opened and then we navigate through it and went to this one and
open it and now we have both menus opened. So we need
When you open a menu to close the other ones. And to do that we go here.
And what we need to do is when we click on a menu item we need to find all it's siblings. So all
the other LIs and remove class "open" from them if they have one. So the "menu_item.siblings"
and we need to find all siblings that have class "open" and we need to close them. And to close them we
need to not just remove the class "open",
we need also to do the other things. we need to set the "aria-expanded" and all that stuff.
So all we can do is instead of retyping this logic we can find
inside the LI, we can find the menu button of this LI.
So how do we find it? It will be the direct A tag child and then the direct menu button.
So ">a>menu-button" and trigger a click event on this button.
So triggering a click event will actually run this function again and run these for the open submenus.
So let's save now.
Let's open and navigate and open again.
And as you can see this one is closed now.
So what we've done is when we click enter now we will find all the siblings which are the LIs
that has "Sample Page", "Page Pi", "Front Page" and "About The Tests". But we only find siblings that have class
"open".
And in that case it will be just the LI  with "About The Tests" and then inside this LI we find the menu
button and trigger click event on it.
So what will happen when we trigger a click event on it? It will close the submenu.
It's as if we clicked on the button, like
so. We also have another scenario where we can have a menu opened by clicking on it.
And then if we hovered on another one it will still be opened.
So we need to close it.
So to do that we'll add a line in the "mouseenter" event. So add an if condition.
So if and this if condition will check if we are hovering on a parent element and not on a child
element.
So "if(!$(e.currentTarget).
parents
('.sub-menu').lenght)"
you have a typo here.
And if the length is more than zero then we have a parent of "sub-menu".
So this means that the item hovered on is in the submenu. And if not we need to do something.
So what do we need to do here?
So imagine we have a menu opened again by clicking.
So when we hover on another menu item we need to close all opened menus.
So what we need to do is to find ".menu" and the " > .menu-item" which will be a parent menu
item that has a class "open".
And we need to find
the menu, its menu button and trigger an event on it to close it.
Same as we did before.
So "trigger('click')".
Let's save this and I'm gonna open this by clicking.
And then hover on this one and it closed the others. Las thing we need to do is if we have a menu
item open and we click outside anywhere we need to close it.
So let's add a click event on the document.
And let's check
if we have any opened menu items.
".length". So the length will be more than zero
if we have any opened menu items. And if so we'll find the". menu"
and the "> .menu-item" that is opened
and its ".menu-button".
And trigger click on it to close it.
So now I'm focusing on the button and clicking and nothing happens.
And that's because of event bubbling. And event bubbling,
you can read about it more but, simply when we click enter here two events are gonna happen.
The event for this button and the event for clicking on the document.
So what we're actually doing is we are running these two functions.
So this one will open the menu and this one will close it.
So to avoid that we will type here "e.stopPropagation". And this will avoid running this event listener.
when we click on the button.
So let's check now.
And let's click outside and it's working.
So now we have a fully accessible menu.
So I know this section was maybe a little bit complicated.
I really urge you to read this script and try to understanding line by line.
And if you have any questions don't hesitate and ask me on e-mail or Twitter.
We'll do a minor improvement for the menu in the next lecture.
And then we carry on to the next section.